Ruru 2.10 pt 1 (#185)
msupply-foundation/msupply_docs: content/docs/inventory/stocktakes/index.md

### Entering reasons

> If you have [inventory adjustment options](https://docs.msupply.org.nz/preferences:options?s[]=reasons) configured in your central server, then you are required to enter a reason when the `counted packs` specified does not match the snapshot packs.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have [inventory adjustment options](https://docs.msupply.org.nz/preferences:options?s[]=reasons) configured on your Legacy mSupply central server, then you are required to enter a reason when the `counted packs` specified does not match the snapshot packs.
```
